General
=======

Mathy resurrected is advanced calculator plugin for Launchy 
(http://www.launchy.net/). It is authored by Tomislav Adamić (a.k.a. El Gruñón) 
and hosted on Sourceforge.net: 

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/mathyresurected/

History
=======

During the Launchy v1.x.x. era Mathy plugin apeared. It featured everything that
users needed and didn't get from Launchy's standard calculator. Now, Launchy 
being program launcher, nobody probably assumed that this calculator feature 
would be so wanted or popular. Well, anyone who tries using Launchy with 
calculator for it's every day job in let's say finance, accounting or 
programming will witness how usefull this is. And will become addicted to 
Launchy + Calculator option. 

The problem with Launchy plugins is that they need to be rebuilt ever time new 
Launchy version comes out. This is not really a big problem, as long as plugin 
users and plugin developers are avare of it existing. And this is where Mathy 
story ended. Mathy project stopped being developed and when Launchy 2.0 came
out, there was no this great calculator that everybody (including me) liked so 
much...

After Launchy 2.0 there was choice to either use Launchy 1.x with Mathy, or use
Launchy 2.0 without your favorite and so much needed plugin. Mathy Resurrected 
was started to change that fact. The ultimate goal is to produce stable, well 
featured calculator plugin for Launchy that will replicate almost all features 
of prevoius plugin Mathy, and also add it's own.

Features
========
	- Complex number arithmetic – All claculations are done on complex numbers.
	  Where this is inapropriate, it is documented. 
	- Many built-in math functions
	- Some predefined math constants
	- Configurable decimal separator and function argument separator
	- Syntax for automatic SI units and binary units conversion
	- Input and output of binary, hexadecimal nad octal numbers
	- High precision of calculation (supporting calculation and decimal 
	  representation of  numbers from [1e-70, 1e70]
	  
Building and installation
=========================
Pre-built plugin .dll is available for MS Windows systems, and source code for 
others. On windows, installing it means simply copying .dll file into plugins 
directory of Launchy install dir. On other systems plugin must be built from 
source and installed to appropriate place for that system. For detailed 
instructions see INSTALL in Mathy Resurrected source tree. 

Support
=======

All questions regarding plugin should be asked at SourceForge project site:

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/mathyresurrected/         
	
Or at Launchy project site, "Plugins 2.0+" subforum:

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/launchy/

Bugs can be reported, or features requested on plugin official project support 
page:

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/mathyresurected/support